Added OSPS Lexicon w/ links from the Criteria (#26)
ossf/security-baseline: lexicon.md

This lexicon is intended to provide clear and consistent definitions for terms used in the Open Source Project Security Baseline. These definitions help ensure that criteria are interpreted accurately and consistently across projects.

## Definitions

### Arbitrary Code

Code provided by an external source that is executed by a system without validation or restriction.

### Build and Release Pipeline

A series of automated processes that compile and deploy software. Similar to the generic term [CI/CD Pipelines](#cicd-pipelines), but this term excludes some pipelines, such as pre-merge status checks.

### Changes

Any alteration of the project's [codebase](#codebase), [CI/CD Pipelines](#cicd-pipelines), or [documentation](#project-documentation). This may include addition, deletion, or modification of content.

### CI/CD Pipelines

Automated pipelines for Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery. Responsible for building, testing, and delivering [changes](#changes). These pipelines integrate contributions frequently, enabling rapid and reliable software delivery. CI focuses on testing and building code, while CD delivers software to users.

> In the context of the Open Source Project Security Baseline, CI/CD Pipelines does not involve Continuous Deployment.

Reviewer: Is this document intended to be a lexicon for things outside of baseline? If so, I'm okay with this sentence but we should probably find another home for the lexicon doc long term. If not, it would be simpler to strike *CD* everywhere it appears and not have to explain that in this context CI/CD doesn't mean CD.

Reviewer: Next time I'm going to drink more coffee before I start reviewing. 😄 I completely missed the distinction between "delivery" and "deployment" here. If I were to make a suggestion for rephrasing, it would be something like:

> In the context of the Open Source Project Security Baseline, *CD* refers only to *continuous delivery*, not to *continuous deployment*, as sometimes used elsewhere.

Author: ```suggestion
In the context of the Open Source Project Security Baseline, CD refers only to _continuous delivery_, not to _continuous deployment_, as sometimes used elsewhere.
```

### Project Documentation

Written materials related to the project, such as user guides, developer guides, and contribution guidelines. These documents help users and developers understand, contribute to, and interact with the software. At release time, this may include [provenance] information, licensing details, and other metadata.

### Provenance

Information about the origin and history of the [released software assets](#released-software-assets). This may include details about its development, dependencies, vulnerabilities, contributors, and licensing.

### Release

- _(verb)_ The process of making a version-controlled bundle of assets available to users.
- _(noun)_ A version-controlled bundle of code, [documentation](#project-documentation), and other assets made available to users. A release often includes release notes that describe the changes.

### Released Software Assets

Deliverables provided to users as part of a [release](#release). These assets can include binaries, libraries, or containers.

### Releases

> Specific versions of the software that have been made available to users, typically accompanied by a [unique version identifier](#unique-version-identifier). Each release includes notes on updates and changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specific versions of the software that have been made available to users, typically accompanied by a [unique version identifier](#unique-version-identifier). Each [release](#release) includes notes on updates and changes.
```

Reviewer 2: I would link this back to the definition of "release" that is just few headings above. TBH I am not sure it is necessary to make different definitions for single and plural, as they sound a bit redundant to me. What was the rationale behind this?

Author: This was an oversight :D Thanks for catching

### Repository

A storage location managed by a [version control system](#version-control-system) where the project's [code](#commit), [documentation](#project-documentation), and other resources are stored. It tracks [changes](#changes), manages collaborator permissions, and includes configuration options such as branch protection and access controls.

### Software Composition Analysis (SCA)

The process of identifying and cataloging all components and dependencies in a software codebase. SCA is essential for managing security vulnerabilities and ensuring compliance with organizational policies.

### Status Checks

Automated tests or validations that run on [commits](#commit) before they are merged. Status checks ensure that any [changes](#changes) meet the project's quality and security standards.

### Unique Version Identifier

A label assigned to a specific [release](#release) of the software, such as `v1.2.3`. Commonly recommended formats are [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) or [Calendar Versioning](https://calver.org).

> ### Version Control System (VCS)

Reviewer: I believe this needs to either not have *(VCS)* in the heading or the links need to be changed to use `#version-control-system-vcs`, similar to how was done for MFA above. (My weak preference is to drop *(VCS)*, but either one works.

Author: applied!
